Mike civilian occupation the is in research administration in academia
I also worked in %HESITATION industry doing the same sorts of things
research in ministration and research and %HESITATION I'd work for
awhile as an eternity %HESITATION I think all three of those jobs have
the decent future %HESITATION none of them is particularly amenable
to automation %HESITATION all of them %HESITATION have of wide vistas
of of various into which you can go but let's stick with the technical
work in academia %HESITATION I think the future there he is
%HESITATION pretty wide open %HESITATION academics by large are wells
situated if they're doing research in the field in academia that's
really getting constraint is the tenure track three additional tenure
track position tenure track positions are very expensive for the
universities and so they're more more research professors and adjunct
professors doing the teaching and fewer and fewer tenure track professors